The first time I heard
the word of truth
About Jehovah
and a world that is new,
Love grew in my heart
right up to this day.
But I know this world
wants to pull me away.
I cannot lose sight.
I want to do what is right.
I’ll keep building my faith
so I can be strong.
I will not give up
or give in.
His Word as my guide
I’ll follow each day.
I’ll pray to stand firm
on the ground.
I’ll keep building my faith;
I won’t stop now.
So we have to choose
where we will stand:
A life built on rock
or one built on sand.
This world around us
wants us to believe
It will stand forever,
so live and be free.
But we know the truth,
What the Kingdom will do.
Let’s keep building our faith
so we can be strong.
We will not give up
or give in.
His Word as our guide
we’ll follow each day.
We’ll pray to stand firm
on the ground.
Let’s keep building our faith;
we won’t stop now.
Let’s keep building our faith
so we can be strong.
We will not give up
or give in.
His Word as our guide
we’ll follow each day.
We’ll pray to stand firm
on the ground.
Let’s keep building our faith;
we won’t stop now.
We won’t stop now.